https://codepen.io/alexis-borja/pen/LYEExxz?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? html that introduces meaning to the page

    2. What is HTML used for? to create web pages

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It provides a function to an element type. We put it inside the element. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is the most important header. You can use it as many times as there are important headers on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
    a and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>
 
    7. What is an id? it's an attribute that specifies a unique value for an element 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? h1, div, p, etc...

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once

    10. What is a class? it specifies a name for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as you need

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? to provide a text for an image or a link 

    15. How do I reference an id? #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section are sections in a document: headers, footers, paragraphs
    A div is a division, can be used to group things in blocks.

    17. What is CSS used for? To format HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    You type in the element in css. For example h2 { }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    By adding a period in front of the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    sidebar.div a 

    24. What is a pseudo selector? It lets you style a specific part of an element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: Capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? right click, select all  

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git status

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? 
    Why do I have to be careful with this? git rm 
    You have to be careful because it will delete permanently, and it will not prompt you if you're ok with this.
    
    34. Why should I use version control? it makes it easy to track changes to a document that multiple people are using 

    35. How often should I commit to github? always

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    Fork
    add TL as collaborator
     clone or download
     cd 
     git clone [url]
     cd [name of repo]
     git checkout -b 'alexis-villaraza'
     code . (to make changes to document)
     git add .
     git commit -m "a message"
     git push -u origin 'alexis-villaraza'
     

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
